 Alright, is this working? Oh, nice. Let's see, can they both record at the same time? Alright, I think we're good. Alright, so what we're looking at here is the performance report that we send out every month. And what I wanted to do was go over the four main categories and talk in detail about what each of them mean and how things are calculated. So, I may have done this before. I just wanted to do it again because I know some of you had some questions. And I'll go into the nitty-gritty of how things are calculated. So, buckle up. It's going to be really fun. Okay, cool. So, the four main categories that you see here are pro-loyalty. And these are all things that we really, we, that are important to be a boop as a business. And we'll help us thrive if we can accomplish them. So, pro-loyalty, that is just our pro students wanting to come back and take lessons with our drill instructors. Right? So, and then we have amazing first experience. So, this is a metric that looks at new students and says, do they come back? And if they come back, that means they like us. Or they're intrigued. Or they want to learn more. So, and then the other two categories are sort of grouped together. New pro-sales and new pro-sales efficiency. New pro-sales is just how many sales were you responsible for. And then new pro-sales efficiency looks at how many sales you made and then divides that by the amount of free students who attended your drills. So, I'll go into detail of each one. So, we have these four groups and you can see that there's different bonus bucket weights. So, pro-loyalty is 40%. So, what this means is, is like when we determine what the total bonus is going to be for a month, that 40% of that total bonus is going to be allocated to this particular pro-loyalty metric. It's that important for us. Because our pro students, if they like us, they'll keep repurchasing. So, let's see. So, what? 40% of what? So, 40% of the total pay, like the total bonus amount, which for this month was $300. So, that's why you see this bonus bucket amount of $120 for pro-loyalty. So, as we just like move across to the right, you can see that the top drill instructor for pro-loyalty for October was Camilo. Congratulations. And then you can see next to that the metric rank multiplier in bonus. So, we're going to talk about what these all each are. Okay? So, the top metric, these are the metrics of the top drill instructor. So, these are what Camilo accomplished for the month October. So, 80%. So, 80% is Camilo's metric for pro-loyalty. And the way pro-loyalty is calculated just so you can sort of like figure out what you need to do, because we look at the pro students who take lessons with you. And after the lesson that they take with you, what is the likely, like, how many lessons after that first lesson with you do they take again? So, that's probably confusing how I'm describing it, describing it. So, look at, we take the number of total repeat pro-attentings or eight days divided by the total pro-attentings. So, the idea here is that if they like you, they will keep coming back to you. Okay? So, encourage your pros to come back to you or just be like, be an amazing teacher. Easier said than done, I know. But if they like spending time with you and they like learning from you, they'll come back to your classes. So, back to this 80% right next to that you see that there's a rank, one divided by 14. That just means like, he ranked number one out of 14 drill instructors. And then the multiplier, this, here let me zoom in a little bit so you can see all this, sorry. The multiplier is 15%. Now, what this is is you can see on this little chart right here, there's all these ranks going down from one to 15. And then each one has a different percentage next to it. So, the bonus multiplier for coming in, the first place is 15%. So, what we do is we take this 15% and multiply it times just $120. And then that is what the bonus is for that particular drill instructor. So, if you got seven, a rank of seven, we would take $120 and multiply that times 7%. And then that's what would determine your bonus. Okay? Now, when you're looking at this and you're trying to figure out how am I doing relative to all of the other drill instructors, you can look at, of course, the top metric and be like, oh, that's what the top performers are doing. And then you can also look at the median and this is what the middle of the performance are doing. So, right now, like, you know, there is no meat, like 7.5 is, there is no person in the middle. So, this is like an average of, like, sorry, I'm losing the train, I thought. This is an average. So, you can basically look, okay, it's somewhere in between, like, this is half the people are above this, half the people are below that. Let's just put that. So, you can look at your performance, like, am I above the median or am I below? So, that's why we're putting this so you can sort of, like, be like, oh, this is where I stand. Okay, I know. Oh gosh. Not a math teacher. All right, cool. Now, now that you sort of understand what these columns all mean, it's really just replicated, but the metric is different in each one of the categories. So, for amazing first experience, this is a new student who comes to Beboop and if they like your class, what is, are they going, if they like your class, then they will come to another class after taking your drill, right? So, we look at this because it's like, if a student takes your class and then they show up again, that means they like you, right? Or chances are they like you, right? So, a way to improve this metric is, I mean, you can actually tell students, hey, please book a lesson immediately after. Oh, hi, dad. Yeah, so, yeah. I'll talk to you later. And then, let's see, where am I? All right, so, oh, I lost my train. So, let's see, let's see. Yeah, I guess like there's multiple tactics you can use to improve this. It's like one, just having a super fun class. And then, two, it's like, when a new student arrives and you know they're new, like give them a welcome that feels really warm and if they're confused, and you can make some time to communicate with them about what to do next. Like try, try that out. There's some chaos in my house. Okay. All right, cool. The next category, these two, they're both in orange because they're related, new pro sales and new pro sales efficiency. So, what does it mean to be responsible for a sale, like for new pro sales? So, right now, we can see that Rosario, she was involved in two sales. So, what this means is what we do is, if a new student purchases, so it's their first purchase. So, we look back to the three drill instructors that taught them before they purchase. And then those three drill instructors. That's crazy. Okay. Then those three drill instructors are each given like a credit for that particular sale. So, Rosario was involved in two sales. And then, oh, you might be wondering, okay, so why is the rank one out of five? Well, this was not the best month for sales. So, there were only five drill instructors or, I should say, there were only five sales made. So, that's why you can see, that's like the denominator, the number, the lower number is not 14. You can see, like there's like slight differences in the numbers. This might mean that one particular drill instructor didn't have any particular value. So, they were removed from the calculation. So, that's why the denominator can differ from calculation to calculation. And then, this just looks at the raw number. The new pro sales efficiency is something we wanted to give to sort of normalize that. You may not say, for example, you don't teach that often, but you may be the most efficient in terms of like generating sales. So, what we do here is we just look at the total sales from this new pro sales and we divide it by your free student attendings. So, to reiterate, free student attendings is just, if a student who's not a pro attends one of your classes, that's called an attendings, one attending. So, by looking at how many free students attended your classes or these attendings metrics and then looking at how many total sales you have, we can be like, oh, for example, like for Patty, like two, like how do I want to, like for how do I want to read this? Two percent of the students who were new that Patty had, she was able to convert that to a sale. So, that's what this metric means. And then, I don't know, all right, I'm rambling. I'm going to hopefully have this transcribed and then you guys can just read it or scan through it. Yeah, let's see. Yeah, any other questions you have just like reply to this or, and yeah, have a wonderful weekend. All right, bye guys.